The other children have their parents to deliver them.
Only you are not careless
Otherwise he would be sad
You never thought about it.
I didn't expect you to be so careful
Thank you wife for the compliment
Addicted to taking advantage, right?
Hey, isn't that the doctor, the president, and the doctor?
Who is that woman next to him?
It can't be Mr. Bo's girlfriend, is it so ugly?
No, he just called his wife
Must be fiancee
That's impossible.
You are the future Mrs. Bo if you have Yunyan
Teacher Liu, didn't you hear it just now?
Mr. Luo has already admitted it himself
It's because I heard it that I said that
Do you think that with the status of Bo Zong
Will you really like this ugly woman?
Bo Chongde is not that heavy, right?
That's right, they don't seem to look as good as me.
Let me see
It's this ugly guy playing tricks
Using children to gain sympathy
Take advantage of the total bob hey
I'll do anything for bad money
So shameless
See how I treat him